c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\obj\Debug\NEO.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.dll.config
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\NEO.dll.config
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\NEO.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\NEO.pdb
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Core.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.AForgeInterop.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Math.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Genetic.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Imaging.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.IO.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.MachineLearning.GPL.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Math.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Neuro.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Statistics.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Video.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Vision.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\DotImaging.BitmapInterop.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\DotImaging.GenericImage.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\DotImaging.Primitives2D.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Shim.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Core.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.AForgeInterop.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.Algorithms.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Math.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Genetic.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Imaging.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.IO.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.MachineLearning.GPL.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Math.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Neuro.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Statistics.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Video.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Accord.Vision.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.MachineLearning.pdb
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\AForge.Vision.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\DotImaging.BitmapInterop.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\DotImaging.GenericImage.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\DotImaging.Primitives2D.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\FluentNHibernate.pdb
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Shim.pdb
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Shim.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\obj\Debug\NEO.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\obj\Debug\NEO.pdb
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\NHibernate.Linq.dll
c:\users\bennici\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NEO\NEO\bin\NHibernate.Linq.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.dll.config
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\NEO.dll.config
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\NEO.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\NEO.pdb
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Core.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.AForgeInterop.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Math.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Genetic.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.IO.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.MachineLearning.GPL.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Math.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Neuro.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Statistics.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Video.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Vision.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Genetic.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Neuro.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\DotImaging.BitmapInterop.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\DotImaging.GenericImage.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\DotImaging.Primitives2D.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\NHibernate.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Shim.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Core.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.AForgeInterop.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Imaging.Algorithms.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Extensions.Math.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Genetic.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.IO.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.MachineLearning.GPL.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Math.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Neuro.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Statistics.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Video.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Accord.Vision.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Genetic.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.MachineLearning.pdb
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Neuro.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\DotImaging.BitmapInterop.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\DotImaging.GenericImage.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\DotImaging.Primitives2D.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\FluentNHibernate.pdb
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\NHibernate.Linq.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Shim.pdb
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Shim.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\obj\Debug\NEO.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\obj\Debug\NEO.dll
C:\Users\Bennici\Source\Repos\neomosaic\NEO\obj\Debug\NEO.pdb
